[ Men shouting, swords clang ]
♪♪
[ Panting ]
[ Whimpers ]
♪♪
Listen to me Fena!
This is important!
Go to Eden --
[ Screams ]
Fena!
Yukimaru!
No matter what, just stay alive,
and I'll find you!
Yukimaru!
Yukimaru!!
♪♪
[ Bell tolls ]
[ Fena vocalizes softly ]
[ Tolling continues ]
[ Vocalizing continues ]
[ Sea birds chirp ]
♪♪
Fena.
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
[ Laughter,
indistinct conversations ]
[ Music plays in distance ]
Soldier 1: Sure.
I've heard the rumors.
Soldier 2: No.
She really is a beauty.
An absolute vision!
She can't be
that stunning.
Then clearly
you haven't laid eyes on her.
I only know the rumors.
When you see her,
you'll get it.
Her skin's
as pale as snow,
and hair's silver
like moonlight.
Really?
Noble: So then, who won
the right of her first night?
I hear it was
that young upstart.
[ Scoffs ] You mean
that eccentric whelp?
Now, now,
the real question is,
does her skin stay white
when she's flushed?
Noble: Well, you can wonder
all you want you old dog,
you'll never find out.
I beg your pardon?
You speak as if you're not
in the same boat
as the rest of us!
Otto...
simmer down.
[ Laughter in distance ]
[ German accent ]
We must hurry.
[ Panting ]
Angie: You really do
have such lovely hair.
The name really does
suite you, dear.
It's clear why the call you
the White Marginal.
Pretty soon,
men from all over the Continent
will flock to see you.
I don't care.
[ Scoffs ] Oh, geez.
You're still holding out
for that guy?
That black-eyed knight
of yours?
You don't even know
if he's still alive.
What was his name again?
Yookie...
Yookoo?
Mmph!
Hmm. Ooh, so scary.
[ Footsteps depart ]
Angie...
Hmm?
I can't do this.
I refuse to --
to just let some man
I've never met
have his way with me.
I won't!
They can't make me!
Not again.
We're still doing this,
seriously?
Oh! Hang on!
I've gotta show you something.
I have some brilliant plans
worked up
for this exact occasion!
Get over here,
and I'll walk you through them!
[ Sighs ]
Come on!
Behold.
Oh, wow.
You're all the way up to 23?
Plan A!
While everyone in town
is fast asleep --
Let me stop you
right there.
Does this island
ever sleep?
Oh, uh, good point!
Next, plan B!
While doing
my morning shopping,
I'll distract my escorts and
slip through the Torkia market
and enter
the Ares District!
[ Sighs ] I have seen
this plan already.
Oh, right.
Moving along, then!
Plan C!
I'm gonna bribe the sentry
at the western gate, and then --
Bribe him with what?
You've got no money.
Then I-I'll use my body.
Doesn't that defeat the purpose
of escaping?
Excellent point!
I would never!
Which means Plan C
won't work either!
These aren't exactly
what I'd call "brilliant."
[ Yawns ]
[ Sighs ]
No matter what I do...
every single plan
I come up with
basically boils
to needing money!
I could've told you that.
Without money,
I can't get on a ship,
and even if I made it
to the Continent,
I couldn't
support myself!
Welcome to reality.
Money makes
the world go round.
And that's when
it hit me.
I know how I can get my hands
on some money!
Well, don't look at me.
Not from you!
Angie,
money is a funny thing.
Where there's none,
there's none at all,
but when money rains,
it pours!
Which is why...
I'm gonna steal that money
from someone who stole it first.
Hang on, is that why
you put yourself up for auction?
You were just trying
to find the rich guys?
Plan D!
Presenting
the Witch's Whammy.
It's an aphrodisiac,
but according
to Elza the apothecary,
if you mix a double dose
into wine, bam!
You've got yourself
an instant sleeping potion!
At least I hope.
[ Sighs ] You can't trust
that crazy lady.
My plan is to use this to knock
out that pampered man child
and help myself to all the money
he used to buy me with!
You know guards
will be standing watch outside
all night, right?
The special suite is on the
Tower of Babylon's second floor.
It overlooks the water,
so there won't be guards there.
If I craft
a make-shift curtain rope,
climbing down the tower wall
will be a breeze!
You'll get caught.
They won't even
be looking for me.
They won't
because they'll think
I'm preoccupied in bed.
By the time
anyone catches on,
I'll be free and clear
on a ship headed
for the Continent,
crossing the sea of hope
with the wind at my back
and bathed in the morning light!
Okay. What're the chances
the potion won't work?
Not sure.
Or that you won't
be able to get a boat.
I'm not sure, either.
Your plan stinks.
Argh!
Well, adventures always
carry a bit of risk, Angie!
Sorry, when did this
become an adventure?
Say what you like,
but I'm setting out
into a brave new world
tonight!
And you can't
talk me out of it!
Don't worry.
I won't stop you.
Your dumb plan'll
do that for me.
Anyway, they'll be coming
to get you soon.
Let's get you ready.
[ Groans ]
♪♪
Angie...
Do you know
what day this is?
Doesn't matter.
The clock's ticking.
Today marks 10 years
to the day.
10 years since I washed ashore
on this island.
♪♪
Manager: Fena, it's time.
Let's go.
♪♪
[ Footsteps echo ]
Listen, Fena.
Maxiver, Jr.
is a bit of an--
let's just say an odd fellow.
[ Women giggle ]
Pbhttt!
His behavior
may be off-putting,
but just give yourself
to him.
You'll get used
to it.
If he takes
a liking to you,
he'll spend money
like water.
Your cut will be 1/10
of whatever he spends here.
And don't try
to fudge the numbers.
Huh?
W-What's wrong?
It's just...
the second floor.
W-We went past it.
Second floor?
Oh, you mean
the traditional room.
Yes, it was at
Junior's request.
He's been granted the use
of the top floor
for the entire evening.
Did you say
top floor?
I'm free!
Aah! Farewell, cruel world!
[ Whimpers ]
What's gotten
into you?
Too high!
My plan is ruined!
Cut it out.
Stop playing games
or you'll be late.
Ow! My stomach.
Ugh!
It hurts.
And my head!
I'm gonna throw up!
Likely story.
Yah, yep, I think every bone
in my body's broken! Ow!
[ Groaning ]
What?!
[ Gasps ]
[ Sternly ]
Quit wasting my time.
I refuse! I'd rather die
than go through with this.
I'm going back to my room,
so get your paws off me!
[ Screams ]
♪♪
Ha!
Mm.
If you knew
what was good for you,
you would behave yourself,
Fena.
But if you choose not to,
then...
show her what to expect.
[ Gasps ]
Now listen, well.
I know you think
you're special.
But there's plenty more
where you came from.
Huh?
Aye! What are you doing
back there, you old geezer!
[ Screams ]
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Grunting ]
Lady Fena,
are you all right?
[ Gasps ] I'm fine,
but, sir, your nose --
it -- it's all bloody!
Huh? Oh, this?
Don't worry.
This is just a scratch!
Hey! You!
Who are you?!
This is a royally-sanctioned
transaction and --
Batter up!
♪♪
Lady Fena!
We're here to rescue you!
Uh, Lady? Fena?
♪♪
"Wescue"?
Salman?!
♪♪
[ Gasps ] Otto?!
Oh, Lady Fena,
it has been far too long!
You've grown up so mu--
Nein!
Not the time!
We're here to rescue you!
Let us escape!
A ship is standing by!
Just follow us!
Come, Lady Fena!
Hang on!
I'm not 100% sure
what's happening here.
The guards!
They're closing in!
[ Footsteps echo rapidly ]
We must make haste!
You can trust us,
liebchen.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
Mm!
[ Gasps ]
Let go!
You're not going anywhere,
Fena.
You're a harlot
who's only good
for giving men pleasure.
That's what you were born for
and all you'll ever be!
Now be a good girl and --
I said...
let me go!
And take your creepy mustache
with you!
Aaaaaaaah!
Otto and Salman: Lady Fena!
Maxiver: Hm?
What did you say?
Speak up.
I'm sorry,
but she's fled --
I thought I told you
to speak up.
She escaped the --
She's gone, sir!
Fena, that is,
the "White Marginal"
has escaped!
Ah.
So, you're saying
you let my bride-to-be
waltz out the door?
[ Blows landing ]
[ Manager screams ]
You kidding?!
Get your asses out there
and bring her back,
you bunch of useless morons!
[ All panting ]
[ Guard whistles ]
The alarm bell!
They're onto us!
Yes, I have ears, danke!
Lady Fena, we have a ship hidden
on the eastern shore!
Hang in there
just a while longer!
But east is the other way!
Wait, it's what?
[ Screech ]
[ All grunting ]
Aaaah!
She's right!
Dumb fool!
♪♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Salman: Why on earth
are there so many guards?
The government
runs this island.
So there's a very high
military presence.
Yep.
That would do it.
♪♪
They're
coming over!
So? Now what?
Shut up!
Look, you got us
into this mess
by taking us
the wrong direction!
Well, it's not like
you noticed it either!
We don't have time to be
bickering with each other!
[ Groans ]
I'll go
and draw them off.
You take Lady Fena
and get out of here!
Otto, no!
Are you
the best choice?
You're not
in great shape.
Eh, don't worry about me,
fraulein!
This is pure muscle.
Good luck, Lady Fena.
Aah! You scoundrels!
I'm the Houtman knight
Otto the Blitz!
Prepare to --
Salman: Huh?!
I'm impresshed!
You've lost your hair,
but apparently not your edge!
Come, Lady Fena.
We'd best be off.
Fena: Otto,
that was so amazing!
Thank you,
but I didn't...
[ Waves crash in distance ]
Oh, brother.
These guys are goin'
in the wrong direction again.
It's dark,
and they're old.
They couldn't possibly
read that map.
He was right
on the money.
Now what?
Twins're there.
They can handle it.
Salman! You're taking us
to the eastern forest, right?
That's right,
Lady Fena!
Then we're still
going the wrong way!
Pardon?
No! We did it again!
Nincompoop!
Fena: Mm...
I got it!
It's fastest
to go that way.
Follow me,
and I'll take us there.
Right.
Yes, miss.
Soldier: Hey!
You three!
What are you lot doing
over there?
Arggh!
♪♪
Lady Fena, go on.
I will get --
Otto: Will do!
Tschuess!
We'll never forget you!
Why would you say that?!
Alright.
Let's see what you've got,
whippershnappers!
I have no idea!
I keep telling you.
How could you possibly
not know?!
If I don't know where she is,
I don't know where she is!
Liar!
I mean she showed me
some zany plan she'd thought up.
But she's always
doing stuff like that.
And she sure
never said anything
about recruiting
any kind of outside help.
Don't you dare try
to keep secrets from me, Angie!
How would I benefit
from covering for Fena?
Seriously!
That's it!
No more lip from you!
Enough!
I won't stand here
and have my time wasted
by some stupid whore.
You little bitch!
[ Thud ]
[ Whimpers ]
♪♪
Sincerest apologies.
Are you unharmed...
my lady?
Oh! Uh, yeah.
I mean, I'm fine.
♪♪
Don't you dare
do that again.
I suggest
you remember your station.
[ Whispers ] Arrogant
Sconne pricks.
Cody, please,
escort the lady out
and offer her some tea.
Cody: Yes, sir.
[ Waves crash ]
[ Bird chirps in distance ]
Will Salman
be alright?
Trust me, you needn't
worry about him.
Back in his younger days,
That toothless old coot
was better known
as Salman the Onslaught.
He's a spearman of whom
there is no equal!
Wow.
I would never have known.
Sure,
he's a bit ancient.
But he can handle
two guardsmen.
He'll deal with them in a flash
and catch up with us,
just you wait.
[ Groans ]
Okay, grandpa.
Where'd the girl run off to?
Spill it!
I don't know!
I couldn't say!
I can't understand you.
Speak clearly.
Yeah, nice try, old man.
You can't fool us that easily.
[ Salman shouts ]
Should we maybe
help him out?
I wanna see if they'll knock
the rest of his teeth out.
That'd be hilarious.
So funny.
[ Both laugh ]
Yeah!
So, Otto,
how did the two of you
find out
I was on this island?
Hmm? Otto?
[ Panting heavily ]
D-Did you say something...
Lady Fena?
Should we rest?
I'm fine.
We need to hurry.
You don't really
look so fine.
No matter how slow
your pace,
persevering and moving
ever onwards without rest...
is always
the fastest...
Not if you die!
Are you sure you aren't the one
who wants to rest, Lady Fena?
Argh.
[ Panting ]
[ Bushes rustle ]
Hmm?
Was that the wind?
[ Shouts ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ] Otto!
[ Muffled screams ]
♪♪
[ Groans ]
Hes not dead, yet.
Cause I hit him
with the flat of my sword.
[ Chuckles ]
Fena: [ Muffled ] Otto!
Let go!
Let go of me!
Now that's quite enough,
little lady.
[ Chuckles ]
Look at that.
Her hair really is
as white as snow.
Just like
the rumors say.
Well, they don't call her
the White Marginal
for nothing, right?
Soldier: Come on.
Let's kill her.
Don't be
in such a rush!
No one'll know.
All we have to do
is throw her
in the sea
when we're done.
Yeah, the makos will
take it from there.
Fena: Save me.
[ Sobbing ]
Please save me, Yukimaru!
Hey don't leave me out.
I wanna piece of --
[ Whoosh ]
[ Sword clangs ]
Huh?
What's wrong?
I dunno, he just --
[ Whoosh ]
You drunk or something?!
Get up and do your --
[ Body thuds ]
[ All gasp ]
W-What's going on?
[ Whoosh ]
[ Body thuds ]
[ Gags ]
Now who's there?!
Come on, you coward!
Show yourself!
♪♪
Fena: Everything fell silent.
All I remember...
was the sound of metal cutting
through the night air,
a blade that gave off
an eerie glow,
a helmet with antlers...
and those deep black eyes.
♪♪
[ Wind gusts ]
Oh, um...
I, uh...
Thank you for, uh...
Hey, wait!
I --
I think, uh...
I know you.
I know you, right?!
♪♪
[ Grunting ]
I remember your eyes.
We've met before.
But I'm sorry,
if I'm mistaken.
The thing is,
I haven't really met
that many decent men.
On this island, they're all
scoundrels and miscreants.
They abuse women,
treating us like things,
have terrible tempers,
and it's impossible
to know what
they are thinking.
Okay.
I'm rambling.
But what I'm trying
to say is --
is that you're
completely different!
I mean...
You're not...
like them, is all.
You're just
so different.
You...
You saved me.
♪♪
You saved my life.
Like you did before.
I'm positive.
I know I'm right.
It's you.
You came back, Yukima--
Aah! [ Groans ]
[ Body thuds ]
Shitan: [ Sighing ] Well...
that didn't take long.
Who even does that?
Kaede: That was impactful,
to say the least.
Enju: Yeah, but was it
a good idea, though?
Sure, why not?
He's tying up loose ends.
Shitan: At least
it doesn't put us in any danger.
You're as chatty as ever.
Mm, annoying.
♪♪
Fena: Out cold
on the damp forest floor,
I lay dreaming...
of moments
from a lifetime away.
♪♪
[ Weakly ] Wait for me...
...Yukimaru.
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪